2025 update (#126)
chromeos/pwa-play-billing: README.md

![Create Firebase project name. Below, the full project ID is outlined.](images/image2.png 'image_tooltip')

> 4. The next page is regarding activating Google Analytics for your Firebase project. It is recommended to turn Analytics on, as that will help us link the Play Store app to Firebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The next page is regarding activating Google Analytics for your Firebase project. This step is optional but if you would like to enable Google Analytics, you will need to [link Google Play to Firebase](https://support.google.com/firebase/answer/6392038?).
```

## Link API Project to your Play Console

> _This step is optional but recommended as it gives your more insight into the project._

Reviewer: I think the changes in this section should be reverted. This section was about linking the Google Cloud project to Play Console. The changes you have here are for linking Play to Firebase. Firebase and the Cloud console are separate things. They will need to link to Cloud console/project to call the Play Developer API from their Cloud backend. Linking to Firebase is optional but useful for analytics. My suggestion is to link to https://support.google.com/firebase/answer/6392038?hl=en as per my above comment suggestion.

Author: That's a very good point, I think I got the two confused. Fixed both this and the next (now previous) section, thank you!

To [link your Google Cloud project in the Play Console](https://developers.google.com/android-publisher/getting_started#using_an_existing_api_project), go to Firebase Project Overview and click "Add app". Input your TWAs package name and SHA-1 of the signing key (you found it in the Update Digital Asset Links step). No go to Project Settings -> Integrations, and you should see a Link button in the Google Play card. Enable Analytics integration to get access to information about purchases and subscriptions.

## Enable Google Play Android Developer API

> Go to the Google Cloud Console and from the menu on left selet "APIs & Services". Find "Google Play Android Developer API" and Enable it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the Google Cloud Console and from the menu on left select "APIs & Services" > "Library". Find "Google Play Android Developer API" and enable it.
```

Reviewer: I like the addition of this section since in the previous version we didn't explicitly call out how to do this. I think this section should come before the "Link API Project to your Play Console" section since they should enable the API first then link the project in Play Console.

![On Google Cloud Platform, grant "Service Account User" role to service account.](images/image19.png 'image_tooltip')

5. Step 3 is optional as labeled. Click Done to save your service account.

> 6. Now go back to the Play Console, go to "Users and Permissions" and click on "Invite new users". Input the email of your newly created service account and grant permissions to all financial data on both the app and the account.

Reviewer: Good catch! Looks like things have changed around in the Play Console, so we can remove step 1 entirely. And they should start at step 2 to create a service account in Google Cloud Console. (Can you make these edits too?)

Author: Yes, it has taken me a while to figure out the new process 😅  And you're right, the first step does not exist anymore and should not be here - removed!
